Sender  Rook~
Date    Mon Oct 14 20:59:40 2002~
To      Tawnos~
Subject Smugg clan~
Voting 0
Yesvotes ~
Novotes ~
Abstentions ~
Text
nod
I first want to explain why I think I am a good candidate for the Leader of a smuggler clan. I am #@  years old and have RPed since the early 70's. I began  role-playing  with a Pre D&D , pre computer MUD game called Chainmail , a tactical based figurine
I first want to explain why I think I am a good candidate for the Leader of a smuggler clan. 
 I am #@  years old and have RPed since the early 70's. I began  role-playing  with a Pre D&D , pre computer MUD game called Chainmail , a tactical based figurine game.
Since then I have Dungeon mastered or Game mastered the following games:
D&D 1st, 2nd and 3rd Editions, Gurps, Rolemaster ICE, Middle Earth ICE, Gamma World 1st and 2nd Ed. , Boothill, Top Secret, Traveller, Paranoia, Twilight 2000, 
Shadowrun,  Cyberpunk, Vampire the masquerade, Werewolf, Mage, Aliens, Rifts , and Superspys,  Superheroes Unlimited , Mystic China , and several others
Second I would like to point out why the character Rook Bardo is a good choice RP-wise . 
The character is a triple threat, Lvl 30 in Piloting, Smuggling and Technician
all are essential skills for a Smuggler King.
Rook is also a Duros , a race known for being adept at space travel and star faring.
These are the reasons I believe I am a good choice for this position and the character Rook is also a logical choice.
Okay all preamble crap aside, 
I have three ideas for a smuggler clan depending on how much you feel like coding and what free time you have to add to this project. 
1)The first idea comes out of the Star Wars timeline after the Battle of Endor, a Smuggler Clan called the Freeholders
, a large group of smugglers and pirates in the books led by Silver Frye and her deputy commander Kraaken.
It is based in the Cvetaen system on a planet called Aquaris.
The whole planet has no land, the terrain is all ocean and submerged reefs.
Humans long ago dismissed this planet as unfit for colonization.
It is the type of planet that is missed by rudimentary scans by the Empire. 
Points of interest: a Landing platform above the ocean, an underwater base and the Lair of the dreaded Demonsquid ( a killer Mob heheheheh) 
Now obviously Rook would lead the Freeholders and do as smugglers do: Steal, Rob, Sell contraband, Distribute narcotics, Pirate, and control certain space lanes, 
as well as Create a black market like the small one located on Tatooine in FotE. Of course this would be the most labor intensive coding to do.
2)The next idea also comes out of the Star Wars timeline after the battle of Endor
This is less an existing clan but an existing environment for a good Crime Syndicate, The planet is Atzerri located in the Atzerri system, the terrain is cities and marshes.
. The species are humans and various other races
Points of interest: Pemblehov district, a smugglers paradise, Jabba's Throne Room, a mock up restaurant of the old crime lords palace, and the Traders plaza &Spaceport.  
Atzerri is described as "either the zenith of free enterprise or a cesspool of corruption, depending on the point of view
With only the barest minimum of governmental control necessary to keep the planet from sliding into anarchy, merchants, traders, and outright swindlers (its difficult to tell the difference) compete in an environment of unbridled competition.
Almost everything can be found on Atzerri and absolutely everything is for sale."
.Drool , Now  that sounds ripe for RP. 
It would take some coding to do this as well
The smuggler operations would be near the same as well but also perhaps offer slaves
. Player character slaves perhaps, hehehe
IT  could be Called the Triad Syndicate, indicating the various aliens races present, maybe a Hutt family and a Duros family and a Human family. 
Rook would lead this as well with the same types of activities offered in example 1.
~

Sender  Rook~
Date    Mon Oct 14 21:22:54 2002~
To      Tawnos~
Subject smugg clan 2~
Voting 0
Yesvotes ~
Novotes ~
Abstentions ~
Text
drink canteen drink canteen 3)The last is of my own creation,
it would be located in an Asteroid Belt of probably 9 to 15
asteroid bodies , they would not list which has a landing pad,
only one or two might have pads, one with a hidden clan base
of operations for sure. Here a loose collective of smugglers
and pirates known as the Marauder Family has taken an asteroid
and carved it out into the Traders Palace Led by Rook Bardo
a cold-hearted Duros smuggler King. Their activities would be
the same as listed above, but a added Shipdock skill would make
piracy able, using Ion cannons to stun the Marauder Family would
board a victims ship and steal and rob goods. Thanks for your
time and your effort, Rook Bardo 
3)The last is of my own creation, it would be located in an Asteroid Belt of probably 9 to 15 asteroid bodies
, they would not list which has a landing pad, only one or two might have pads, one with a hidden clan base of operations for sure. 
Here a loose collective of smugglers and pirates known as the Marauder Family has taken an asteroid and carved it out into the Traders Palace. 
Led by Rook Bardo a cold-hearted Duros smuggler King.
Their activities would be the same as listed above, but a added Shipdock skill would make piracy able, using Ion cannons to stun the Marauder Family would board a victims ship and steal and rob goods. 
Thanks for your time and your effort, 
Rook Bardo
~

Sender  Kensar~
Date    Mon Oct 21 21:55:05 2002~
To      Jonathan~
Subject First Report~
Voting 0
Yesvotes ~
Novotes ~
Abstentions ~
Text
For my first report, I will give you the general information that I have learned
since I spoke to you last.

The emperor is a Noghri named Sykar.
Known members: Blevins, Vincent, and Molly.

The Empire is in possession of two ships.
Aggressor (SSD): in orbit around Coruscant.
Cataclysm (ISD): in orbit around Corellia.

At the moment, the Empire is in control of 8 planets, and makes 83769 credits a day.
It has 130 troops available, 2 spacecraft (as I said earlier), and sixteen ranking members.
As of my writing, there are 5366602 credits in the imperial coffers.

They should be more careful about who they make this information available to, huh? >:)

The Virus in the System.
~

Sender  Sahbal~
Date    Fri Nov  8 14:49:27 2002~
To      Gwen~
Subject SI affairs~
Voting 0
Yesvotes ~
Novotes ~
Abstentions ~
Text
Ms. President,

I am at a loss in your absence.
Please mail me the responsibilities of engineers, there salary, and
if i may hire some more.

Sincerely,


Sahbal
~

